welcome back to the outdoor kitchen show
today we're headed out to the Gulf to do
some offshore fishing with Steve hominy
charters Kevin Boudreaux of KPTV
properties turn it a big old trip and
invited us along so today we're
targeting amberjack and mangrove snapper
first we catch our bait then we headed
to the rigs to get the really big fish
like I said way out here was Captain
Steve hominy up there we just now pulled
up to a rig we're gonna catch some
amberjacks we got about 280 foot of
water I'm dropping down somewhere around
100 or 120 about halfway down maybe dark
who's been giving us problems though so
we'll see if we get through
would you say the official right here
that's called a chug or flannel snap now
real goofy fling him out nice and dark
the first fish in the boat was a big old
Barracuda they're fun to fight but not
so much to eat we were targeting
amberjacks here and we're about to catch
one yeah we got second victim we'll put
a belt around giving a little relief on
the belly
hey are you the victim where's the fish
are you the victim of the fishes the
victim
could be could be a barracuda he said to
well we won't amberjack that's what we
won't remember I got a prize for whoever
wins the it catches the biggest
amberjack I think he's wearing you out
is that a cow down there a fish might be
winning that prize has been given to us
from galvez hardware nice paddle
barracudas don't barracudas don't know
get the entry only amberjack
why use your hands getting tired
we got a David we got another one hooked
up that's a big jack that's a big jack
that's a big one man we go we're gonna
go over to hookup number two
look at that fish man that's a lot of
meat it's a lot of meat right there hold
it up man we got one guy fighting one
one got fighting to pick one up look at
that that is an amberjack
whoa we've got another big one over here
ah you get tired yet are you
getting ready for gap Hey
looks like you win in the paddle so far
you gotta talk this is going to be on TV
you gotta say something what are you
feeling right now you just got a ban up
on it you know I'm saying
now we got what we can see men
ya gotta know
he's good
we'll get to that amberjack they all big
another one in the boat
yeah he's got a big coming up
got a long ways to go way down there
he's way down there
oh we got another one over here
it's still hundred-foot Danny he's all
over it again
women
stop stop
what a gorgeous day to be fishing in the
Gulf for more information on this show
check out our website or stay tuned for
more fishing action here on the outdoor
kitchen show we'll be right back